---
layout: post
title:  "Week 12"
date:   2017-04-07
categories: myactivities 
---
{{ title }}

## ITK Setup
In this week, I did two job Interviews. I spent some time preparing for these interviews and learned many interesting things about the companies I applied to.
One company is a contracted company that would do research outsourced by research and medical institutions. 
I enjoyed learning about the different technologies this company is using.
Unfortunatley for me, the interviewers stated that they do not have any positions at the moment and there might be some big projects during the summer and might ask me to come. They also invited me to come spend a day at the company or to work on a small assignment for them. 
I was initially very motivated about this but they never contacted me again.

My other interview was at a spin-off company of some medical center. They have a senior devloper that is leaving and looking for someone to retain his tasks.
Initially I was very motivated and excited to learn the technologies they are using. 
I downloaded and compiled ITK image processing library and subscribed to the ITK mailing list.
I had the interview where the interviewers were interested in giving me an internship since I am not working and to assess my learning curve as I am not familiar with the technologies they are working with! I didn't object and asked them to send me their offer so that I think about it.
I emailed them back, thanked them and told them that I am waiting their feedback, which I am still waiting for...
